Yusei: NOW LET'S GET UP TO SPEED
WITH YU-GI-OH 5D'S.
MC: HE DID IT!
JACK ATLAS HAS MANAGED
TO WIPE THE TRACK
WITH TWO OPPONENTS IN A ROW.
LADIES AND GENTS, PRIMO HAS
PASSED THE BATON
TO TEAM NEW WORLD'S
LAST DUELIST,JAKOB.
Jakob:(LAUGHING)
GAME TIME IS OVER.
THE REAL BATTLE BEGINS NOW.
PREPARE TO FACE THE END OF
EVERYTHING YOU KNOW.
Jack: WHAT IN THE WORLD?
THESE ARE THE RINGS THAT
MAKE DAMAGE REAL.
I ACTIVATE GRAND CORE'S
SPECIAL ABILITY.
SINCE IT WAS DESTROYED
DUE TO A CARD EFFECT,
I CAN SUMMON
MEKLORD EMPEROR GRANEL!
BY DESTROYING INFINITE AURA,
I GAIN LIFE POINTS EQUAL
TO THE NUMBER OF COUNTERS
ON THE MACHINE,
MULTIPLIED BY ONE HUNDRED.
THEREFORE, I GAIN 8,000 MORE
LIFE POINT POINTS.
AND NOW, DUE TO MEKLORD EMPEROR
GRANEL'S SPECIAL ABILITY,
ITS ATTACK AND DEFENSE POINTS
BECOME THE SAME AS
MY LIFE POINTS.
Yusei: LESTER AND PRIMO WERE
JUST GATHERING COUNTERS
FOR INFINITE AURA, SO
THAT JAKOB COULD INCREASE
HIS LIFE POINTS, HIS ATTACK
POINTS, AND HIS DEFENSE POINTS.
MEKLORD EMPEROR GRANEL TAKE OUT
RED NOVA DRAGON.
GO FINAL BOMBARDMENT.
NOOO..!
(CRASHING)
JACK!
OUR VICTORY IS IMMINENT.
AND SOON, NEW DOMINO CITY
WILL BE NO MORE.
♪
Man: ♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN? ♪
♪ ONLY IF I LOSE ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY
CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHIN' ♪
♪ I CAN
SEE YOU COMIN' ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND ♪
♪ IT'S BLOWIN' ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME,
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR
AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHIN' ♪
♪ I CAN
SEE YOU COMIN' ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND ♪
♪ IT'S BLOWIN' ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE
IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪♪
(SUSTAINED CHORD FADES)
Carly:JACK,
STAY WITH US.
Stephanie: JACK.
Mina: DIRECTOR LAZAR,
TEAM NEW WORLD HAS
MANIPULATED THE FIELD AND NOW
BATTLE DAMAGE IS REAL.
JACK'S ALREADY
ON HIS WAY TO THE E.R.
YOU'VE GOTTA STEP IN AND SHUT
THIS THING DOWN.
Lazar: I CAN'T.
WE DON'T KNOW HOW
ILLIASTER MIGHT RESPOND.
THIS IS OUT OF MY HANDS, MINA.
WE HAVE TO TRUST YUSEI AND CROW.
THE FATE OF THE WORLD IS
IN THEIR HANDS.
Leo: CROW-- STOP!
YOU SAW WHAT HAPPENED
TO JACK OUT THERE.
YOU CAN'T DO THIS.
Luna: LEO'S RIGHT.
DON'T GO OUT THERE.
Crow: KNOCK IT OFF,
YOU GUYS.
LEMME GO.
NO WAY! YOU CAN'T
DUEL THAT GUY!
I'VE GOTTA!
FIRST OF ALL, I'VE GOTTA
DO IT FOR OUR FRIEND.
Yusei:JACK!
Crow: YOU OKAY?
Jack: TAKE IT.
DON'T LET ME DOWN.
THEN THERE'S THAT.
THE ONLY WAY TO
MAKE THAT GO AWAY,
IS TO WIN THIS DUEL.
Leo and Luna: OH.
CHEER UP.
IT WON'T BE THE END
OF THE WORLD IF I LOSE.
THAT'S WHAT
HAPPENS IF YUSEI LOSES.
MC: TEAM NEW WORLD'S JAKOB
IS READY TO CONTINUE DUELING,
BUT THERE'S STILL
NO SIGN OF TEAM 5D'S.
IS THIS A FORFEIT?
THAT'S MY CUE.
MC: WAIT A SECOND.
HERE COMES CROW!
LOOKS LIKE THIS DUEL
IS GOING TO CONTINUE.
THE ONLY QUESTION NOW IS
CAN CROW AVOID THE CRUEL FATE
THAT SENT HIS TEAMMATE
CRASHING INTO DEFEAT?
♪
Crow:
HEY, MUZZLE MOUTH!
ARE YOU READY
FOR SOME CROW?
Jakob: I PRAISE YOU FOR
HAVING THE COURAGE TO FACE ME
AFTER BEARING WITNESS
TO GRANEL'S MIGHT.
BUT YOUR COURAGE HAS LED YOU
INTO THE ARMS OF YOUR UNDOING.
Lester: THE "ARMS OF" WHAT?
JAKOB ALWAYS SOUNDS
SO STIFF AND AWKWARD
WHEN HE TRIES TO TRASH
TALK HIS OPPONENTS.
Primo: YES, WELL, AS LONG AS HE
PUSHES THIS LOSER TO HIS LIMITS
AND COMPLETES THE CIRCUIT, HE
CAN BE AS AWKWARD AS HE WANTS.
NOW, FACE MY
MEKLORD EMPEROR
USING THE FULL
SPECTRUM OF YOUR POWER.
COME AT ME WITH
EVERYTHING YOU'VE GOT.
Crow:(THINKING)
EVERYTHING I'VE GOT?
I DON'T HAVE A SPECIAL
MONSTER LIKE RED NOVA DRAGON,
TO WORK AROUND
THAT SYNCHRO-STOPPER.
AND WITH OVER
15,000 ATTACK POINTS
BOY, IF I MAKE A MISTAKE,
IT'S NOT GONNA FEEL TOO GOOD.
BUT I DO HAVE ONE WAY
TO PUSH BACK AGAINST HIM.
I'VE JUST GOTTA TURN OFF THE
RECKLESS AND STAY FOCUSED.
LET'S GO!
IT'S MY TURN.
Crow:(THINKING) I CAN'T SHOW
EVEN THE SLIGHTEST WEAKNESS
AGAINST THAT BEHEMOTH.
I GOTTA BRING
MY "A" GAME.
PLEASE DON'T HATE ME
FOR THIS, YUSEI.
I'M KICKING THINGS OFF
WITH SPEED WORLD 2'S EFFECT.
BY REMOVING 10
SPEED COUNTERS,
I CAN DESTROY ONE
CARD ON THE FIELD.
CROW JUST USED UP ALL OF
THE TEAM'S SPEED COUNTERS!
-IT'S FINE.
-HUH?
IT'S NOT LIKE HE CAN AFFORD
TO TAKE ANY CHANCES RIGHT NOW.
SAY GOODBYE TO YOUR
MEKLORD EMPEROR GRANEL.
I WON'T BE SAYING
GOODBYE TO ANYTHING.
WHAT?
I PLAY THE TRAP
INFINITY WALL.
WHICH PREVENTS MY MEKLORD
FROM BEING DESTROYED.
DID YOU HONESTLY THINK I WOULD
NEGLECT TO HAVE COUNTERMEASURES
AGAINST SPEED
WORLD 2 IN PLACE?
WELL, YOU CAN'T BLAME A GUY
FOR TRYING THE DIRECT APPROACH.
IN THAT CASE, I'M
SUMMONING THE TUNER MONSTER
BLACKWING STEAM THE CLOAKED
TO THE FIELD IN ATTACK MODE.
AND NOW, SINCE BIRDS OF A
FEATHER LIKE TO FLOCK TOGETHER,
I CAN SUMMON THIS CARD
FROM MY HAND AS WELL.
SAY HELLO TO
BLACKWING BORA THE SPEAR.
♪
NOW HE'S GOT A MONSTER
AND A TUNER ON HIS FIELD.
IN THEORY, HE COULD
DO A SYNCHRO SUMMON.
EXCEPT THAT--
THERE IS NO POINT
IN SYNCHRO SUMMONING
WHEN YOU'RE FACING
A MEKLORD EMPEROR.
I HAVE NO IDEA WHAT YOU'RE
TALKING ABOUT, BUDDY.
I NEVER SAID ANYTHING
ABOUT SYNCHRO SUMMONING.
I'M REMOVING BOTH
STEAM THE CLOAKED
AND BORA THE
SPEAR FROM PLAY.
TO SUMMON BLACKWING AURORA
THE NORTHERN LIGHTS.
(BIRD SQUAWKS)
I'M ABLE TO SUMMON
AURORA BY REMOVING BOTH
A BLACKWING AND A
BLACKWING TUNER FROM PLAY.
AND ITS LEVEL BECOMES
EQUAL TO THE TOTAL LEVEL
OF THE TWO MONSTERS
THAT I REMOVED.
AND EVEN THOUGH STEAM THE
CLOAKED HAS LEFT THE FIELD,
A STEAM TOKEN APPEARS
TO TAKE ITS PLACE.
THIS TOKEN WILL ONLY STICK
AROUND UNTIL MY END PHASE.
BUT THAT'LL
BE LONG ENOUGH.
NOW, IF I REMOVE A LEVEL
7 BLACKWING SYNCHRO MONSTER
FROM MY
EXTRA DECK,
AURORA THE NORTHERN LIGHTS
GAINS ITS ATTACK POINTS
AND ALL ITS SPECIAL
ABILITIES UNTIL MY NEXT TURN.
HMMM.
NOW LEMME
SEE HERE,
I THINK I'LL REMOVE BLACKWING
ARMOR MASTER FROM PLAY.
WITH THAT OUT
OF THE GAME,
MY AURORA NOW HAS
2,500 ATTACK POINTS.
♪
NOT ONLY THAT,
BUT SINCE AURORA GAINS ARMOR
MASTER'S SPECIAL ABILITIES,
IT CAN'T BE
DESTROYED IN BATTLE NOW,
AND ALL DAMAGE FROM
BATTLE BECOMES ZERO.
PERFECT.
NOW AURORA GETS TO FUNCTION
LIKE A SYNCHRO MONSTER.
Akiza: BUT SINCE IT ISN'T
A SYNCHRO, TECHNICALLY,
THAT MEKLORD EMPEROR
CAN'T USE ITS POWER
TO ABSORB IT--
IS THAT RIGHT?
MM-HMM.
SWEET.IT'S LIKE A
SYNCHRO IN DISGUISE.
FOR AS LONG
AS I'VE KNOWN HIM,
CROW'S BEEN ABLE TO
FIND WAYS TO SURPRISE ME.
AND NOW, AURORA
THE NORTHERN LIGHTS,
TAKE OUT MEKLORD
EMPEROR GRANEL INFINITY!
TWIST AND STRUGGLE
ALL YOU WANT.
BUT YOU STILL
CAN'T MATCH THE MIGHT
OF MY MEKLORD
EMPEROR GRANEL.
YOUR ACTIONS
ARE FUTILE.
YOUR GAME IS FUTILE!
SEE, MY AURORA PICKED UP
ANOTHER SPECIAL ABILITY
FROM ARMOR MASTER THAT
I HAVEN'T MENTIONED YET.
THE MONSTER ATTACKED BY THIS
CARD GAINS ONE WEDGE COUNTER.
AND BY REMOVING
THAT WEDGE COUNTER,
I CAN MAKE YOUR MONSTER'S
ATTACK AND DEFENSE POINTS
DROP DOWN TO ZERO UNTIL
THE END PHASE OF THIS TURN.
Jakob: WHAT?
AND WHEN YOUR MONSTER
LOSES ALL ITS ATTACK POINTS,
STEAM TOKEN CAN SWEEP IN
AND REMOVE IT FROM PLAY.
YEAH.
WITH GRANEL INFINITY
OUT OF THE PICTURE,
WE MIGHT ACTUALLY HAVE A SLIGHT
CHANCE AT BEATING THIS GUY.
YOUR MEKLORD EMPEROR
MAY BE ENORMOUS,
BUT YA KNOW
WHAT THEY SAY!
THE BIGGER THEY ARE,
THE HARDER THEY FALL.
THIS IS YOUR
TRUMP COMBO?
THIS IS THE MOVE
YOU WERE BANKING ON?
PATHETIC.
I ACTIVATE GRANEL
GUARD'S SPECIAL ABILITY.
(MONSTERS ROAR)
WHEN YOU ATTACK
A MEKLORD EMPEROR,
GRANEL GUARD CAN
SNAG A SYNCHRO MONSTER
THAT THE MEKLORD
EMPEROR CONSUMED.
AND SET IT OUT
IN FRONT TO BECOME
THE TARGET
OF YOUR ATTACK
WHAT?
♪
(CRASHING)
FORCING JACK'S DRAGON
TO SMACK DOWN CROW?
THAT IS THE VERY
DEFINITION OF "NOT COOL."
THIS GUY
IS UNSTOPPABLE.
AT LEAST AURORA HAS
ARMOR MASTER'S ABILITIES
SO IT WON'T
BE DESTROYED,
AND CROW WON'T TAKE
ANY BATTLE DAMAGE.
Crow: (THINKING) GREAT, NOW
I GOTTA FACE JACK'S MONSTER.
YOUR STRATEGY IS
FALLING APART, CROW.
SINCE RED NOVA DRAGON IS
UNDER MY MEKLORD'S CONTROL,
YOU CAN'T PUT A
WEDGE COUNTER ON IT.
GRRR.
♪
SO THAT'S THIS MEKLORD
EMPEROR'S REAL POWER.
NOT ONLY CAN IT
ABSORB SYNCHRO MONSTERS,
IT CAN USE
THEM IN BATTLE.
THAT AURORA AND ARMOR MASTER
COMBO WAS CROW'S BEST CHANCE
IN COUNTERING GRANEL INFINITY,
BUT EVEN THAT DIDN'T WORK.
IF HE DOESN'T COME
UP WITH SOMETHING,
THEN HE'S
DONE FOR.
♪
Crow: (THINKING) JAKOB'S GOT
ME RIGHT WHERE HE WANTS ME.
STEAM TOKEN'S
GONNA BE DESTROYED
DURING
THIS END PHASE,
LEAVING ME WITH
NEXT TO NOTHING.
I-- I DON'T--
I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO DO!
HOW CAN I
COUNTER HIM?
HAVE YOU RESIGNED
YOURSELF TO FAILURE?
I PLACE TWO CARDS
FACEDOWN AND END MY TURN.
HMM. ALL THAT EFFORT
WITH NOTHING TO SHOW FOR IT.
IT SEEMS YOUR
TIME IS OVER.
FIRST, I ACTIVATE
SPEED WORLD 2'S EFFECT.
BY REMOVING 10
SPEED COUNTERS,
I CAN OBLITERATE
ONE CARD ON THE FIELD.
(ELECTRONIC BEEPS)
BID FAREWELL
TO YOUR BELOVED
BLACKWING AURORA
THE NORTHERN LIGHTS.
(EXPLOSION)
(GLASS SHATTERING)
AND NOW MEKLORD
EMPEROR GRANEL,
ATTACK CROW DIRECTLY.
(METAL CLANGING)
YOU CANNOT STOP THE DIVINE
TEMPLE FROM DESCENDING.
MC: WHOA-- JAKOB IS ABOUT TO
KNOCK CROW OUT OF THE PICTURE!
IF HE TAKES THAT DIRECT
ATTACK, IT'S ALL OVER.
Bruno and Akiza:
DO SOMETHING.
Jakob:
GO FINAL BOMBARDMENT.
OH, NO!
♪
LOOK AT THAT!
AT THE LAST SECOND,
ONE OF CROW'S MONSTERS CAME OUT
OF NOWHERE TO ACT AS A SHIELD.
WHEN YOUR MONSTER
ATTACKS ME DIRECTLY,
I CAN CALL GHIBLI
THE SEARING WING FROM MY HAND,
TO TAKE THE ATTACK.
HOW BOTHERSOME.
(BIRD SQUAWKING)
(GLASS SHATTERS)
HE MANAGED TO STOP IT.
SORRY, GHIBLI-- BUT I WON'T
LET YOUR EFFORTS GO TO WASTE.
I REVEAL MY TRAP CARD,
BLACKWING REVENGE.
WHEN A WINGED MONSTER WITH
LESS THAN 1,000 ATTACK POINTS,
LIKE GHIBLI, IS
DESTROYED IN BATTLE,
I CAN SUMMON TWO BLACKWING
BLACK CREST TOKENS TO THE FIELD.
NEXT, I REVEAL MY
BLACKBOOST TRAP CARD.
WHEN I'VE GOT TWO OR MORE
BLACKWINGS ON MY FIELD,
I CAN ACTIVATE BLACKBOOST AND
DRAW TWO CARDS FROM MY DECK.
(CHEERING)
MC: AGAINST ALL ODDS,
CROW HAS MIRACULOUSLY MANAGED
TO PULL OFF
TWO CONSECUTIVE COMBOS!
IT JUST GOES TO SHOW,
YA CAN'T KEEP A GOOD GUY DOWN.
HAH. MY ATTACK
ISN'T OVER YET.
AND BY SUMMONING A
MONSTER IN DEFENSE MODE,
YOU HAVE
SEALED YOUR FATE.
WHAT?
WHAT DO YOU
MEAN BY THAT?
I MEAN I ACTIVATE
GRANEL ATTACK'S ABILITY.
ONCE A TURN, THE
MONSTER THAT GRANEL ABSORBED,
CAN BE FORCED TO
ATTACK YOUR MONSTER.
YOU'RE GOING TO ATTACK
ME WITH JACK'S DRAGON?
GO, FOOLISH SYNCHRO MONSTER,
ELIMINATE YOUR OWN TEAMMATE.
NOW MY LITTLE
PUPPET SHALL DEAL YOU
2,700 POINTS
OF PIERCING DAMAGE.
HOW MANY
POINTS?
TAKE YOUR
FRIEND'S FURY.
AAAH, AAAH, AAAH!
NORMALLY,
THE SYNCHRO MONSTER THAT
MEKLORD EMPEROR
GRANEL ABSORBED
CAN'T ATTACK
YOU DIRECTLY.
YOU BROUGHT THIS
PAIN UPON YOURSELF
BY SUMMONING A
MONSTER IN DEFENSE MODE.
AND NOW I END MY
TURN WITH A FACEDOWN.
AARGH!
Both:
WHAT'S WRONG?
MC: JAKOB'S GOT
CROW AGAINST THE ROPES.
IS THERE ANYTHING
OUR SCRAPPER CAN DO
AGAINST THE OVERWHELMING POWER
OF MEKLORD EMPEROR GRANEL?
THIS MIGHT SOUND STRANGE,
BUT DO YOU THINK JACK KNOWS
HIS MONSTER IS BEING
FORCED TO ATTACK CROW?
Crow:(THINKING)
THIS MUST'VE BEEN
WHAT IT FELT
LIKE FOR JACK.
MAN, AS IF THINGS
WEREN'T BAD ENOUGH,
NOW I'VE GOTTA FACE BOTH
GRANEL AND RED NOVA DRAGON.
ONE BLACK CREST
TOKEN, TWO CARDS,
EVERYTHING TO LOSE.
AH, IS THERE
ANYTHING CROW CAN DO?
THAT REMAINING
BLACK CREST TOKEN
ONLY HAS, LIKE,
800 DEFENSE POINTS.
RIGHT, SO IF RED NOVA
DRAGON ATTACKS AGAIN.
CROW WILL TAKE 2,700
POINTS OF DAMAGE AND,
WELL,
THAT'LL BE THAT.
YOU'RE FINISHED,
LITTLE WORM.
DON'T THINK SO, JAKOB.
(ELECTRONIC BEEP)
I RELEASE MY BLACK CREST
TOKEN IN ORDER TO SUMMON
BLACKWING, HILLEN THE
TENGU-WIND, IN DEFENSE MODE.
Computer voice: If you take
at least 2,000 points of damage,
you can summon Blackwing
Hillen the Tengu-wind
and a level three or below
Blackwing from your graveyard.
A MONSTER WITH
2,300 DEFENSE POINTS.
WHICH MEANS,
IF YOU ATTACK ME AGAIN,
WITH JACK'S RED NOVA DRAGON,
I'LL STILL BE HANGING ON
WITH A HUNDRED LIFE POINTS.
PERHAPS, BUT IF THAT'S
THE EXTENT OF YOUR STRATEGY,
MEKLORD EMPEROR GRANEL WILL
THEN POUND YOU INTO OBLIVION.
Crow:(THINKING)
HE'S RIGHT.
I'LL BE TOTALLY VULNERABLE
WITHOUT A FOLLOW-UP.
I COULD USE
HILLEN THE TENGU-WIND.
AFTER RED NOVA DRAGON
ATTACKS AND DEALS ITS DAMAGE,
I COULD SUMMON HILLEN AND
ONE OF THE OTHER BLACKWINGS,
FROM MY GRAVEYARD.
THEN, IF I
USE URGENT TUNING
TO SUMMON BLACKWING
DRAGON IN DEFENSE MODE,
I'LL BE ABLE TO
STOP GRANEL'S ATTACK.
THAT'S
PERFECT, THAT'S--
NO, THAT'S
NOT GOOD ENOUGH.
EVEN IF I STOP
THE ATTACK,
BLACKWING DRAGON
WILL BE GOBBLED UP
BY THE MEKLORD EMPEROR
IN THE AFTERMATH.
I CAN'T LET
THAT HAPPEN.
I CAN'T LET YUSEI
GO INTO BATTLE
AGAINST A MEKLORD EMPEROR
AND TWO OF OUR BEST MONSTERS!
(GLASS SHATTERS)
JACK HAD THE PERFECT STRATEGY
AGAINST THOSE FIRST TWO CLOWNS
WITH RED
NOVA DRAGON.
BUT IT DIDN'T
WORK AGAINST GRANEL.
MY SYNCHRO MONSTER
IS NOT THE WAY TO GO,
IT'LL ONLY MAKE HIS
MEKLORD EMPEROR STRONGER.
SO I GUESS I COULD--
NO! THAT'S NOT
GONNA WORK, EITHER!
HE'LL JUST-- GRRR!
I'VE GOT
NOTHING.
I CAN'T
BEAT HIM,
I'VE GOT
NOTHING!
I'M SORRY, GUYS.
I KNOW I'M
LETTING EVERYONE DOWN.
BUT, THERE'S
NOTHING I CAN DO.
YUSEI,
I'M SORRY.
BELIEVE IN
YOUR CARDS.
MY CARDS.
(GASPS) THAT'S IT!
I MAY NOT BE ABLE
TO TAKE THIS GUY OUT,
BUT I CAN LEAVE A LITTLE
SOMETHING BEHIND FOR MY FRIEND.
ALL RIGHT, MY LAST
ACTION WILL TAKE ME DOWN,
BUT IT'LL
SET YUSEI UP.
I'M PLACING TWO
CARDS FACEDOWN.
WHAA?
JUST LIKE THAT?
HE'S GONNA
END HIS TURN?
YOU MIGHT WANNA GET
ON YOUR RUNNER, YUSEI.
♪
IT SEEMS YOU'VE
COME FACE TO FACE
WITH YOUR OWN
LIMITS, CROW.
NOW IT'S
MY TURN!
I ACTIVATE GRANEL
ATTACK'S SPECIAL ABILITY.
YOU HAVE NO CHOICE,
RED NOVA DRAGON-- YOU'RE MINE!
NOW TEAR INTO
HILLEN THE TENGU-WIND.
(EXPLOSION)
AAHH!
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN,
THIS COULD BE IT.
CROW IS
WIDE OPEN.
HUH? NO WAY.
YOUR BACK IS
AGAINST THE WALL.
RAGE BACK WITH
EVERYTHING YOU'VE GOT.
SHOW ME YOUR STRENGTH
AND SYNCHRO SUMMON.
TRY TO PROVOKE
ME ALL YOU WANT.
BUT I'M NOT
WALKING INTO THIS ONE.
I'M NOT SUMMONING MY
SYNCHRO MONSTER JUST SO THAT
YOU CAN STEAL IT AWAY
AND TURN IT AGAINST MY FRIEND.
IF NOTHING ELSE, I'M GOING
TO KEEP THAT FROM HAPPENING.
YOU CAN'T
AVOID IT FOREVER.
I CAN'T?
FRIENDS, DRIVEN TO
TURN ON ONE ANOTHER.
TO BETRAY
EACH OTHER,
THIS IS THE WAY OF THE
WORLD, ACCORDING TO MAN.
JUST LOOK AT
THIS REPULSIVE CREATURE,
FORCED TO
DO MY BIDDING.
YOUR PATHETIC
SYNCHRO MONSTERS
PERFECTLY
SYMBOLIZE
THE EVOLUTION
OF HUMANITY'S FOLLY.
STOP
TALKING BUNK.
IF RED NOVA
"SYMBOLIZES" ANYTHING,
IT'S THE SPIRIT
OF MY FRIEND.
MY BUDDIES AND I ALWAYS BATTLE
ALONGSIDE OUR SYNCHRO MONSTERS.
YOU DON'T GET TO ROLL AROUND
AND CALL THEM PATHETIC.
YOU'RE
SO NAIVE.
YOU DON'T YET REALIZE HOW THESE
SHALLOW THOUGHTS WILL LEAD YOU
TO YOUR OWN
DESTRUCTION.
WHAT ARE YOU
GETTING AT?
I NEED NOT EXPLAIN
MYSELF TO ONE SUCH AS YOU.
GRANEL INFINITY,
ATTACK CROW DIRECTLY.
(METAL CLANGING)
GO FINAL
BOMBARDMENT!
AAH!
AAAHH!
(EXPLOSION)
AAAH, AAAH, AAAH!
IT'S OVER!
CROW HAS BEEN
DECIMATED BY JAKOB.
NOW THE ONLY THING
STANDING BETWEEN TEAM NEW WORLD
AND THE CHAMPIONSHIP
IS YUSEI FUDO.
IT'S FINISHED.
Crow:
NOT YET!
THE BATTLE PHASE
HASN'T ENDED PAL.
AND I'VE
GOT A SURPRISE.
(ENGINES ROAR)
I'M ACTIVATING HILLEN THE
TENGU-WIND'S SPECIAL ABILITY.
SINCE YOUR POWER-PACKED
EMPEROR ATTACKED ME,
I CAN NOW MAKE
A MOVE THAT WILL
HELP YUSEI AND TEAM
5D'S SOAR TO VICTORY.
THIS MIGHT BE MY FINAL
MOVE IN THE TOURNAMENT,
BUT I HAVE A FEELING IT'S GONNA
LEAVE A LASTING IMPRESSION.
NOW, HILLEN THE TENGU-WIND
AND GHIBLI THE SEARING WIND,
RISE AND
TAKE FLIGHT.
NEXT, I ACTIVATE THE
URGENT TUNING TRAP CARD.
THIS CARD ALLOWS ME TO SYNCHRO
SUMMON ONE SYNCHRO MONSTER
DURING
THE BATTLE PHASE.
SO MY LEVEL 5 HILLEN
TUNES MY LEVEL 3 GHIBLI.
♪
I SYNCHRO
SUMMON,
BLACKWING
DRAGON!
(BLACKWING
DRAGON ROARS)
INCREDIBLE!
THAT LAST ATTACK
NEARLY ANNIHILATED CROW.
BUT HE MUSTERED
UP THE STRENGTH
TO BRING HIS ACE
MONSTER TO THE FIELD.
IT'S BLACKWING DRAGON!
IF CROW HAD ACTIVATED
HILLEN'S SPECIAL ABILITY
BEFORE JAKOB'S
MEKLORD EMPEROR ATTACKED,
HE MIGHT'VE BEEN ABLE TO USE
THAT COMBO TO SAVE HIMSELF.
LEO'S RIGHT.
WHY WOULD CROW WAIT UNTIL
AFTER HE TOOK THE DAMAGE?
BECAUSE,
IF HE HAD DONE THAT,
JAKOB WOULD'VE BEEN ABLE
TO ABSORB BLACKWING DRAGON
AND THEN USE IT
TO HIS ADVANTAGE.
AND YUSEI WOULD
BE A GONER.
(WHIMPERING)
YUSEI.
SO YOU GAVE THE LAST
OF YOUR LIFE POINTS
TO SUMMON
A SYNCHRO MONSTER?
THAT'S RIGHT.
I TOOK A LOSS SO
THAT MY TEAM CAN WIN.
WHAT?
YOU RANTED ABOUT THE WORLD
BEING FULL OF PEOPLE FIGHTING
AND BETRAYING
ONE ANOTHER,
BUT IN THE
WORLD I LIVE IN,
MY FRIENDS AND I
LOOK OUT FOR EACH OTHER.
WHAT
CAN I SAY?
THAT'S JUST
HOW WE ROLL.
FOOLISH.
ALL RIGHT, BLACKWING
DRAGON, IT'S ALL YOU.
I'M FEELING
KINDA SLEEPY.
♪
Yusei:(THINKING) CROW,
YOU RISKED EVERYTHING
TO PASS YOUR
DRAGON ON TO ME.
I WON'T
LET YOU DOWN.
(TINKLING BELLS)
WELL,
THIS IS IT.
GOOD LUCK.
TAKE
HIM DOWN.
I WILL, AND YOU TAKE
CARE OF JACK AND CROW.
MC: THE BATON
HAS BEEN PASSED!
BOTH TEAMS ARE DOWN
TO THEIR LAST DUELIST!
IT'S A ONE-ON-ONE BATTLE
BETWEEN JAKOB AND YUSEI FUDO!